As I sit on this sunny morning, reflective, I think about who I am, who I was, who I will be. I remind myself there is no metaphysical truth that I can truly know, what matters is the ability to recognize myself in the mirror, and be proud of who I am under extreme fear. I saw my ID card photo and it threw me for a loop, I know that's me, but I'm scared that person is scary, they aren't me, they can't be, but they are, but they aren't. I have such a hard time grappling with who I am, who they were. I don't know who I am becoming, who I will look like, is it really true I was a women the whole time pretending to be a man? yes, yes that is absolutely true, think of how affraid you were to look in the mirror, sure there were days you took pride in the work you put in to maintain your appearance, but it was extremely rare, maybe once a month, maybe once a year compared to nearly every day. Don't forget you hated buy cloths before, you didn't feel quite right in the cloths that you had. remember your excitement at the thought of who you will look like. remember how much you love seeing yourself as a women, feeling your breasts, excited for the pain of them growing in, and the syncronicity with your body. Sure this may not solve all your dysphoria, but it's an experiment, and it feels right, and that's all that matters. being seen for who you are will let you live a real life, it will let you be free of expectation and fear, after all isn't that what really matters? just do what makes you happy, truly happy, without expectations of what "should be" and you won't hurt anyone, you will learn to live a real life, to see the world for what it really is, and you are already far along in that path, think not of how far you have to go, or how wrong gyou may have been, focus on how far you have come, and love yourself, vivian.